Update pricing.mdx (#18408)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ai-gateway/reference/pricing.mdx

:::note[Note]

> **Persistent Logs will reach General Availability (GA) on February 1, 2025. Starting on this date, billing for persistent log storage will begin** for usage that exceeds the included volumes per plan (see details below). If you've been using persistent logs during the beta but do not wish to incur charges, please ensure your stored logs are within your plan's free volume before January 31, 2025. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Persistent Logs will reach General Availability (GA) on February 1, 2025. Starting on this date, billing for persistent log storage will begin** for usage that exceeds the included volumes per plan (see details below). If you have been using persistent logs during the beta but do not wish to incur charges, please ensure your stored logs are within your plan's free volume before January 31, 2025. 
```
